=head1 NAME

makeglossaries-lite  - Calls makeindex/xindy for LaTeX documents using glossaries package

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<makeglossaries> [B<-o> I<file>] [B<-q>] [B<-n>]
[B<-s> I<file>] [B<-t> I<file>] [B<-L> I<language>] [B<-c>] [B<-g>]
[B<-l>] [B<-p> I<num>] [B<-r>] [B<-m> I<file>] [B<-x> I<file>]
[B<--version>] [B<--help>] I<basename>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<makeglossaries-lite> is cut-down Lua alternative to the
B<makeglossaries> Perl script. It's designed for use with LaTeX documents that
use the glossaries package. Some options that are available to
B<makeglossaries> aren't available with B<makeglossaries-lite>.
The mandatory argument I<basename> should
be the name of the LaTeX document without the .tex extension. 
B<makeglossaries-lite> will read the auxiliary file to determine whether
B<makeindex> or B<xindy> should be called. All the information
required to be passed to the relevant indexing application should
also be contained in the auxiliary file, but may be overridden by
the option arguments to B<makeglossaries-lite>.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-q>

Quiet mode. Reduces chatter to standard output.

=item B<-n>

Print the commands that would normally be executed but don't run
them.

=item B<-o> I<file>

Use I<file> as the output file. (Only suitable for documents 
containing a single glossary, otherwise each glossary will be
overridden.)

=item B<-s> I<file>

Use I<file> as the style file. Note that if you use this option,
you need to know whether B<makeindex> or B<xindy> will be called, as
they have different style files.

=item B<-t> I<file>

Use I<file> as the transcript file.

=item B<-l>

Letter ordering.

=item B<-L> I<language>

This option only has an effect if B<xindy> is called. Sets the
language. See B<xindy> documentation for further details.

=item B<-c>

Compress intermediate blanks (B<makeindex> only).

=item B<-g>

Employ German word ordering (B<makeindex> only).

=item B<-p> I<num>

Sets the starting page number to be I<num> (B<makeindex> only).

=item B<-r>

Disable implicit page range formation (B<makeindex> only).

=item B<-m> I<file>

Specify the full path name for B<makeindex> to I<file> in the 
event that B<makeindex> isn't on the operating system's path.

=item B<-x> I<file>

Specify the full path name for B<xindy> to I<file> in the 
event that B<xindy> isn't on the operating system's path.

=item B<--version>

Prints version number and exits.

=item B<--help>

Prints help message and exits.

=back

=head1 REQUIRES

texlua and makeindex or xindy (depending on glossaries package options).

=head1 LICENSE

This is free software distributed under the LaTeX Project Public 
License. There is NO WARRANTY.
See L<http://www.latex-project.org/lppl.txt> for details.

=head1 AUTHOR

Nicola L. C. Talbot,
L<http://www.dickimaw-books.com/>

=head1 RECOMMENDED READING

The glossaries manual:

        texdoc glossaries
=cut
